Upgrade Instruction

    Here are a few hints for people upgrading from 3.10 or earlier:

* The Default Installation Location Is at /usr/bin

    Also, the man page is at /usr/share/man/man1/reslog.1.  This is to follow
Perl's standard convension, and to avoid breaking ExtUtils::MakeMaker with
future versions.

    When you run "perl Makefile.PL" or "perl Build.PL", it will hint a list of
old files found to be removed.  Please delete them manually.

    If you saved them in other places, you have to delete them yourself.

    Also, if you have any scripts or cron jobs that are running reslog, remember
to modify your script for the new reslog location.  Of course, you can copy
reslog to the original location.  It will still work.


    Here are a few hints for people upgrading from 3.02 or earlier:


* The Script Name is Changed from reslog.pl to reslog

    This is obvious.  If you have any scripts or cron jobs that are running
reslog, remember to modify your script for the new name.  Of course, you can
rename reslog to reslog.pl.  It will still work.

    The reason I changed the script and project name is that:  A dot "." in
the project name is not valid everywhere.  At least SourceForge don't accept
it.  Besides, "reslog" is enough for a script name under UNIX.  The ".pl" file
name suffix/extension may be convienent for MS-Windows, but MS-Windows users
won't run it with explorer file name association anyway, and there is a pl2bat
to convert "reslog" to "reslog.bat", which would make more sense.  The only
disadvantage is that I use UltraEdit, which depends on the file name extension
for the automatic syntax highlighting rules.  But this is not much trouble.  I
can manuall set it anyway.


* You Need Perl 5.8.0 or Above

    reslog now has threading to speed up resolving, which requires Perl's
ithreads threading module support that's only available since 5.8.0.  You can
still disable threading if it causes troubles to you, but the code itself need
it.  If you are using a Perl before 5.8.0, please upgrade it.  You can run
"perl -v" to see your current Perl version.


* The Default Keep Mode is Now "delete"

    The documentation said the default keep mode is "delete", but the script
actually did a "restart". :p  This is fixed.  If you are running with the
default keep mode, remember to fix it.


* The Argument of --keep and --override Options Are Required Now

    Support for omitting --keep or --override argument is removed.  This helps
avoiding confusion for the log file name and the option arguments.


* Specifying STDIN Will No Longer Trigger STDOUT

    When resolving multiple files, STDIN can output to STDOUT now, with other
files output to where they should be.  Specifying an STDIN will no longer
automatically trigger outputing everything to STDOUT.  If you want to output
everything to STDOUT, be sure to add the --stdout option.


imacat
2007-11-26
imacat@mail.imacat.idv.tw
http://www.imacat.idv.tw/
